feat: SDA-2619 (implement reply feature for custom notification) (#1153)
symphonyoss/SymphonyElectron: docs/features/notifications.md

- Wall Posts
- Signals

> ## Electron native notification (MacOS)
> macOS notifications are native chrome notifications which appear like any other desktop app notifications on a Mac.
> Emojis are supported in the toast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## OS Native notification
We support OS native notifications for users who'd like to keep it simple. This is the same as what you see with toasts in any other apps (on Windows and macOS). Emojis and Quick Replies are supported in the notification.
```

- Inline reply

![notifications_mac.png](assets/notifications_mac.png)
![notifications_mac_2.png](assets/notifications_mac_2.png)

> ## HTML Notification (Window, MacOS, Linux)
> Notifications are custom built to support the following use cases:
> - Custom Color
> - Position in the screen
> - Custom screen (in case of multiple displays connected)
> - Flash a notification
> - Inline reply
> - Quick reactions (👍)
> - Emojis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom SDA Notification (Windows, macOS, Linux)
Notifications are custom built to support the following use cases:
- Custom Color
- Position in the screen
- Custom screen (in case of multiple displays connected)
- Flashing a notification to call for attention
- Inline reply
- Quick reactions (👍)
- Emojis
```

## macOS
macOS notifications are native chrome notifications which appear like any other desktop app notifications on a Mac.

> Emojis are supported in the toast.

Reviewer: This is not the case anymore. We support both custom & native notifications for both Windows & macOS.

@KiranNiranjan Can you update the documentation accordingly?
